This is a future exact execution procedure, not an executed installer or authorization.
Setup has its own5-minute outer deadline,32MiB controlled response-body cap,
256MiB aggregate expanded-wheel cap and1GiB task-local install/workspace cap.
These are separate from the generation stage's10-minute limit. Stop at first
failure with no retry. Setup and generation logs share the4MiB TTS log allowance.

Use dependency-lock.json as the exact three-file allowlist. Each HTTPS response
must match the listed byte count and SHA256, with no extra dependency resolution,
index access, redirect to another package version, retry or alternate source.
The three bodies total23,783,002bytes; retain a download receipt for each.
Use a fresh runtime/wheels directory. For each of the three exact URLs, open
once with TLS verification and a30-second socket timeout; stream in64KiB blocks
with an exact per-file byte cap. Do not resume. Delete no existing evidence.
Only rename its .partial file after size and SHA256 match; preserve a bounded
failure receipt on error. Do not re-fetch the already verified Melo model.

Verify each wheel using the unchanged reviewed wheel_identity.py:
  wheel_members(zipfile.ZipFile(path))
  select_metadata(member_names, expected_name, expected_version)
Reject unsafe paths, symlinks, duplicate members, special files and compression
bombs using that helper, and additionally require the aggregate uncompressed
size across all three wheels<=256MiB. Run testzip() and require no corrupt member.
Read the selected top-level METADATA only after those checks; require its exact
metadata_bytes/metadata_sha256 in dependency-lock.json, Name canonicalized with
canonical_name(), and Version. Require exactly the three approved wheel names,
with no other downloaded files considered installable. Those metadata digests
were already obtained from the publisher's PEP658 metadata and retained files.

Before installation, inspect the verified CPU wheel's complete native ELF
dependencies/symbol requirements against the current host. The prior small ELF
range inspection did not establish all native loader requirements. Stop on a
missing library or unexpected provider; do not install a substitute runtime.

Create a fresh task-local venv with the existing CPython3.12.14 and system-site-
packages enabled solely to reuse the already recorded NumPy2.3.5,packaging26.3
and SciPy1.17.0. Do not upgrade host packages. Use local full-wheel paths plus
their listed SHA256 hashes in a requirements file and invoke this venv's pip
with --no-index --no-deps --require-hashes. Install only the three locked files.
No network package resolver or pip upgrade is part of this proposal.
Exact install commands, only after the checks and GO above:
  python -m venv --system-site-packages runtime/venv
  runtime/venv/bin/python -m pip install --no-index --find-links runtime/wheels --only-binary=:all: --no-deps --require-hashes --no-cache-dir -r requirements-runtime.txt
Run these under the5-minute setup deadline and bounded logging. pip uses its
bundled bootstrap, not a downloaded upgrade. requirements-runtime.txt pins all
three versions and hashes. Verify the host dependency versions before and
after; do not repair a mismatch by changing the host or adding a fourth wheel.

Before creating a session, run one import-only smoke using the task-local Python:
  import importlib.metadata as m
  import numpy, scipy, packaging, onnxruntime
  expected={'onnxruntime':'1.30.0','flatbuffers':'25.12.19','protobuf':'6.33.5','numpy':'2.3.5','scipy':'1.17.0','packaging':'26.3'}
  assert all(m.version(k)==v for k,v in expected.items())
  assert 'CPUExecutionProvider' in onnxruntime.get_available_providers()
This smoke must not call InferenceSession, load a model or call inference.
Record the safe versions, provider names and verified installed RECORD/source
identities. The next stage's single session creation is the only model load.

Check the installed distribution versions and source identities, retain exact
wheel/installed records, then run the disabled adapter's explicit approved CLI
using the frozen execution-plan.json hash and already cached model path.
The supervisor invokes one armed child. That child verifies the model hash,
runtime versions, CPU provider, actual7-input/output shapes and model metadata,
then creates the exact arrays and makes at most six calls. Session creation is
the runtime compatibility gate; there is no inference preflight or seventh call.

The model graph has two stochastic nodes. Set ORT's documented global seed once
before the one session; retain controls and ordering without claiming measured
waveform determinism. Do not replace the official example's fixed noise scales.

After complete validated generation, pack only the six canonical16k derivatives
for the blind ASR stage. Populate the previously null release hashes from the
exact frozen outputs, and change approved=false only after the explicit new
public-scope GO. Verify the entire source/input manifest before the one new
public research-branch push. A publication rejection or execution failure does
not authorize a retry, GPU wheel, private-local ASR workaround or another voice.
